core: cleaned token hex code and updated print styling for components (#1965)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: .changeset/hungry-steaks-scream.md

> ---
> '@ag.ds-next/react': patch
> ---
> 
> core: cleaned tokens colours to use lowercase, 6 character hex codes and no words.
> core: added print theme for `print-color-adjust: exact`.
> button: added print colour override for printing without background.
> global-alert: added print colour override for printing without background.
> indicator-dot: added print colour override for printing without background.
> loading: added print colour override for printing without background.
> notification-badge: added print colour override for printing without background.
> page-alert: added print colour override for printing without background.
> switch: added print colour override for printing without background.
> tabs: added print colour override for printing without background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@ag.ds-next/react': patch
---

core: Update all theme colours to be consistent, 6 character hex codes.

core: Add `exactColor` print pack.

button: Improve visuals when printing.

global-alert: Improve visuals when printing.

indicator-dot: Improve visuals when printing.

loading: Improve visuals when printing.

notification-badge: Improve visuals when printing.

page-alert: Improve visuals when printing.

switch: Improve visuals when printing.

tabs: Improve visuals when printing.

```
